hi I just wanted to do a short video
showing the makeup that I just got from
cherry culture I watched I mean I looked
at this side I think maybe a couple
times before actually ordered from them
but i only got the order today I think
ordered last week the stripping was
pretty fast only thing was they sent me
two of the same color ordered two
different colors and they sent me the
same I'll show you that in a second so I
got a couple of lip liner pencils the
shipping was free / if you ordered forty
dollars to stuff which I ordered like I
think 20 things so it's like two dollars
a thing perfect I got what this is
coffee and this is Auburn the colors to
me look pretty similar but they're
really pretty of course they send you
the lip gloss and they taught me order
anything you get free lip gloss smells
like cherries I got the lime green ultra
pearl mania I haven't tried it yet but
it's just a pretty color I love I love
grand didn't have any green in my
collection this is the baby pink pearl
mania color only it looks purple so kind
of curious about that one then I got the
jungle eye pencils of course I like them
I got a green one which is lemon which
is usually yellow but this is lemon and
then I got dark brown and french fries
dark Browns pretty dark brown I mean I
wasn't expecting it to be that dark
looks black but I'm sure will be lovely
I'm seeing good reviews on it I got the
sharpener because remember i was asking
i was a kind of a shock for those things
will apparently this sharpen the jumbo
eye pencil the colors i got wouldn't be
pretty
this is the color that I got two of this
is the lime green color I got two of
these so somebody wants it i'll be happy
to submit jones's i know i'm not going
to want to try to hassle with exchanging
it rather just give it to somebody else
I want it so this is lime green this is
a loja my thundergirl do a video with
this color and I just think it's
gorgeous color it's really good for
highlighting I haven't tried any of
these yet but they're so pretty this is
vanilla sky it looks kind of yellow and
gold but it's such a free color as great
shimmer to it yellow it looks Matt but I
think it does have some reflex in it I
don't think it's just a flat color but
that's yellow this is herb I'd wanted a
different color besides the lime green I
wanted I think golden all over olive
green and I got to the lime green this
is herb the darker green this one the
only one that came out you know flat
sort of all the other ones have the
before little diamonds logistical flat
color this is redhead anxious to try
this one's like a dark pink and just
this is the lingo it was supposed to be
it looked really pink on the site but if
you look at it it's like a pink with
more gold you know like a mauve color
the golden don't know about that one
this is opal this one looks really
interesting it's like a white color but
it has blue reflex in it if you can
really there's a second lime green
already thought specific another
shimmery blue color because i love the
blues of course my favorite color really
is sink so this is hopping look at the
sparkles in that one that one's going to
be hot cannot wait to try that one's
pretty sure is hot pink this is cherry
like a dark pink super excited of course
I'm starting to collect makeup now I'm
already getting scared because I'm
falling in love with makeup again I
should show you guys what I have my make
it back two thousand before we go off to
make a different video for that but in
ordered some of the pure luck cosmetic
some of the colors because the samples
are super cheap and I saw him on another
site and I was like another YouTube
person did a video on and I was like wow
those colors are amazing so I'm anxious
to get those ends I can show you those I
know I got some of the prismatic or the
kaleidoscope colors on more greens in a
green pigment that didn't have any
unbelievable then have a brush that
coming in and so I'm pretty much think I
want a baby to try these with the brush
yet and then I'll show you the look like
pick out with that but other than that
that's it later